# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Jiuyang Liu <liu@jiuyang.me>

mlirAffineAddExprGet                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineBinaryOpExprGetLHS         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineBinaryOpExprGetRHS         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineCeilDivExprGet             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineConstantExprGet            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineConstantExprGetValue       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineDimExprGet                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineDimExprGetPosition         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprCompose                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprDump                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprEqual                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprGetContext             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprGetLargestKnownDivisor # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsAAdd                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsABinary              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsACeilDiv             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsAConstant            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsADim                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsAFloorDiv            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsAMod                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsAMul                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsASymbol              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsFunctionOfDim        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsMultipleOf           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsPureAffine           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprIsSymbolicOrConstant   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineExprPrint                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineFloorDivExprGet            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineModExprGet                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineMulExprGet                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineSymbolExprGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineSymbolExprGetPosition      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineExpr.h
mlirAffineMapCompressUnusedSymbols   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapConstantGet             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapDump                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapEmptyGet                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapEqual                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGet                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetContext              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetMajorSubMap          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetMinorSubMap          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetNumDims              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetNumInputs            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetNumResults           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetNumSymbols           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetResult               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetSingleConstantResult # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapGetSubMap               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapIsEmpty                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapIsIdentity              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapIsMinorIdentity         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapIsPermutation           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapIsProjectedPermutation  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapIsSingleConstant        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapMinorIdentityGet        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapMultiDimIdentityGet     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapPermutationGet          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapPrint                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapReplace                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapZeroResultGet           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/AffineMap.h
mlirAffineMapAttrGet                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAffineMapAttrGetTypeID                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAffineMapAttrGetValue                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirArrayAttrGet                                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirArrayAttrGetElement                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirArrayAttrGetNumElements                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirArrayAttrGetTypeID                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeGetNull                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAAffineMap                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAArray                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsABool                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseBoolArray                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseElements                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseF32Array                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseF64Array                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseFPElements                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseI16Array                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseI32Array                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseI64Array                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseI8Array                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseIntElements                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADenseResourceElements           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsADictionary                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAElements                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAFlatSymbolRef                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAFloat                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAInteger                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAIntegerSet                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsALocation                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAOpaque                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsASparseElements                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAStridedLayout                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAString                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsASymbolRef                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAType                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirAttributeIsAUnit                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirBoolAttrGet                                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirBoolAttrGetValue                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseArrayAttrGetTypeID                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseArrayGetNumElements                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseBoolArrayGet                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseBoolArrayGetElement                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseBoolResourceElementsAttrGetValue       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseDoubleResourceElementsAttrGetValue     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrBFloat16Get                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrBoolGet                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrBoolSplatGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrDoubleGet                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrDoubleSplatGet             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrFloat16Get                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrFloatGet                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrFloatSplatGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGet                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetBoolSplatValue          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetBoolValue               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetDoubleSplatValue        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetDoubleValue             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetFloatSplatValue         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetFloatValue              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetInt16Value              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetInt32SplatValue         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetInt32Value              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetInt64SplatValue         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetInt64Value              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetInt8SplatValue          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetInt8Value               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetRawData                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetSplatValue              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetStringSplatValue        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetStringValue             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetUInt16Value             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetUInt32SplatValue        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetUInt32Value             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetUInt64SplatValue        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetUInt64Value             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetUInt8SplatValue         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrGetUInt8Value              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrInt16Get                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrInt32Get                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrInt32SplatGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrInt64Get                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrInt64SplatGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrInt8Get                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrInt8SplatGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrIsSplat                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrRawBufferGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrReshapeGet                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrSplatGet                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrStringGet                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrUInt16Get                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrUInt32Get                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrUInt32SplatGet             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrUInt64Get                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrUInt64SplatGet             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrUInt8Get                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseElementsAttrUInt8SplatGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseF32ArrayGet                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseF32ArrayGetElement                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseF64ArrayGet                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseF64ArrayGetElement                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseFloatResourceElementsAttrGetValue      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseI16ArrayGet                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseI16ArrayGetElement                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseI32ArrayGet                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseI32ArrayGetElement                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseI64ArrayGet                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseI64ArrayGetElement                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseI8ArrayGet                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseI8ArrayGetElement                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseInt16ResourceElementsAttrGetValue      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseInt32ResourceElementsAttrGetValue      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseInt64ResourceElementsAttrGetValue      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseInt8ResourceElementsAttrGetValue       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseIntOrFPElementsAttrGetTypeID           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseUInt16ResourceElementsAttrGetValue     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseUInt32ResourceElementsAttrGetValue     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseUInt64ResourceElementsAttrGetValue     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDenseUInt8ResourceElementsAttrGetValue      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDictionaryAttrGet                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDictionaryAttrGetElement                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDictionaryAttrGetElementByName              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDictionaryAttrGetNumElements                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDictionaryAttrGetTypeID                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirDisctinctAttrCreate                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirElementsAttrGetNumElements                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirElementsAttrGetValue                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirElementsAttrIsValidIndex                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirFlatSymbolRefAttrGet                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirFlatSymbolRefAttrGetValue                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirFloatAttrDoubleGet                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirFloatAttrDoubleGetChecked                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirFloatAttrGetTypeID                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirFloatAttrGetValueDouble                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirIntegerAttrGet                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirIntegerAttrGetTypeID                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirIntegerAttrGetValueInt                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirIntegerAttrGetValueSInt                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirIntegerAttrGetValueUInt                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirIntegerSetAttrGet                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirIntegerSetAttrGetTypeID                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirIntegerSetAttrGetValue                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirOpaqueAttrGet                               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirOpaqueAttrGetData                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirOpaqueAttrGetDialectNamespace               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirOpaqueAttrGetTypeID                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSparseElementsAttrGetIndices                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSparseElementsAttrGetTypeID                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSparseElementsAttrGetValues                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSparseElementsAttribute                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirStridedLayoutAttrGet                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirStridedLayoutAttrGetNumStrides              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirStridedLayoutAttrGetOffset                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirStridedLayoutAttrGetStride                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirStridedLayoutAttrGetTypeID                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirStringAttrGet                               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirStringAttrGetTypeID                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirStringAttrGetValue                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirStringAttrTypedGet                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSymbolRefAttrGet                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSymbolRefAttrGetLeafReference               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSymbolRefAttrGetNestedReference             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSymbolRefAttrGetNumNestedReferences         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSymbolRefAttrGetRootReference               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirSymbolRefAttrGetTypeID                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirTypeAttrGet                                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirTypeAttrGetTypeID                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirTypeAttrGetValue                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnitAttrGet                                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnitAttrGetTypeID                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseBoolResourceElementsAttrGet   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseDoubleResourceElementsAttrGet # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseFloatResourceElementsAttrGet  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseInt16ResourceElementsAttrGet  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseInt32ResourceElementsAttrGet  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseInt64ResourceElementsAttrGet  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseInt8ResourceElementsAttrGet   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseResourceElementsAttrGet       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseUInt16ResourceElementsAttrGet # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseUInt32ResourceElementsAttrGet # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseUInt64ResourceElementsAttrGet # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirUnmanagedDenseUInt8ResourceElementsAttrGet  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinAttributes.h
mlirBF16TypeGet                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirBFloat16TypeGetTypeID              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirComplexTypeGet                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirComplexTypeGetElementType          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirComplexTypeGetTypeID               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirF16TypeGet                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirF32TypeGet                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirF64TypeGet                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat16TypeGetTypeID               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat32TypeGetTypeID               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat4E2M1FNTypeGet                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat4E2M1FNTypeGetTypeID          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat64TypeGetTypeID               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat6E2M3FNTypeGet                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat6E2M3FNTypeGetTypeID          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat6E3M2FNTypeGet                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat6E3M2FNTypeGetTypeID          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E3M4TypeGet                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E3M4TypeGetTypeID            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E4M3B11FNUZTypeGet           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E4M3B11FNUZTypeGetTypeID     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E4M3FNTypeGet                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E4M3FNTypeGetTypeID          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E4M3FNUZTypeGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E4M3FNUZTypeGetTypeID        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E4M3TypeGet                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E4M3TypeGetTypeID            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E5M2FNUZTypeGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E5M2FNUZTypeGetTypeID        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E5M2TypeGet                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E5M2TypeGetTypeID            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E8M0FNUTypeGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloat8E8M0FNUTypeGetTypeID         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloatTF32TypeGetTypeID             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFloatTypeGetWidth                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFunctionTypeGet                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFunctionTypeGetInput               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFunctionTypeGetNumInputs           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFunctionTypeGetNumResults          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFunctionTypeGetResult              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirFunctionTypeGetTypeID              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIndexTypeGet                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIndexTypeGetTypeID                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIntegerTypeGet                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIntegerTypeGetTypeID               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIntegerTypeGetWidth                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIntegerTypeIsSigned                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIntegerTypeIsSignless              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIntegerTypeIsUnsigned              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIntegerTypeSignedGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirIntegerTypeUnsignedGet             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirMemRefTypeContiguousGet            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirMemRefTypeContiguousGetChecked     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirMemRefTypeGet                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirMemRefTypeGetAffineMap             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirMemRefTypeGetChecked               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirMemRefTypeGetLayout                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirMemRefTypeGetMemorySpace           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirMemRefTypeGetStridesAndOffset      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirMemRefTypeGetTypeID                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirNoneTypeGet                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirNoneTypeGetTypeID                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirOpaqueTypeGet                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirOpaqueTypeGetData                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirOpaqueTypeGetDialectNamespace      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirOpaqueTypeGetTypeID                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirRankedTensorTypeGet                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirRankedTensorTypeGetChecked         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirRankedTensorTypeGetEncoding        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirRankedTensorTypeGetTypeID          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeGetDimSize               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeGetDynamicSize           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeGetDynamicStrideOrOffset # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeGetElementType           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeGetRank                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeHasRank                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeHasStaticShape           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeIsDynamicDim             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeIsDynamicSize            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirShapedTypeIsDynamicStrideOrOffset  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTF32TypeGet                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTupleTypeGet                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTupleTypeGetNumTypes               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTupleTypeGetType                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTupleTypeGetTypeID                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsABF16                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAComplex                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAF16                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAF32                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAF64                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat4E2M1FN                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat6E2M3FN                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat6E3M2FN                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat8E3M4                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat8E4M3                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat8E4M3B11FNUZ           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat8E4M3FN                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat8E4M3FNUZ              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat8E5M2                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat8E5M2FNUZ              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFloat8E8M0FNU               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAFunction                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAIndex                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAInteger                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAMemRef                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsANone                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAOpaque                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsARankedTensor                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAShaped                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsATF32                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsATensor                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsATuple                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAUnrankedMemRef              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAUnrankedTensor              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirTypeIsAVector                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirUnrankedMemRefTypeGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirUnrankedMemRefTypeGetChecked       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirUnrankedMemRefTypeGetTypeID        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirUnrankedMemrefGetMemorySpace       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirUnrankedTensorTypeGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirUnrankedTensorTypeGetChecked       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirUnrankedTensorTypeGetTypeID        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirVectorTypeGet                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirVectorTypeGetChecked               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirVectorTypeGetScalable              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirVectorTypeGetScalableChecked       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirVectorTypeGetTypeID                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirVectorTypeIsDimScalable            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirVectorTypeIsScalable               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/BuiltinTypes.h
mlirEnableGlobalDebug    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Debug.h
mlirIsCurrentDebugType   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Debug.h
mlirIsGlobalDebugEnabled # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Debug.h
mlirSetGlobalDebugType   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Debug.h
mlirSetGlobalDebugTypes  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Debug.h
mlirContextAttachDiagnosticHandler # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Diagnostics.h
mlirContextDetachDiagnosticHandler # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Diagnostics.h
mlirDiagnosticGetLocation          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Diagnostics.h
mlirDiagnosticGetNote              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Diagnostics.h
mlirDiagnosticGetNumNotes          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Diagnostics.h
mlirDiagnosticGetSeverity          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Diagnostics.h
mlirDiagnosticPrint                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Diagnostics.h
mlirEmitError                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Diagnostics.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__amdgpu__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/AMDGPU.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__arith__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Arith.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__async__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Async.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__cf__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/ControlFlow.h
mlirFuncSetArgAttr           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Func.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__func__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Func.h
mlirAttributeIsAGPUObjectAttr   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUAsyncTokenTypeGet        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUObjectAttrGet            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUObjectAttrGetFormat      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUObjectAttrGetKernels     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUObjectAttrGetObject      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUObjectAttrGetProperties  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUObjectAttrGetTarget      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUObjectAttrGetWithKernels # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUObjectAttrHasKernels     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGPUObjectAttrHasProperties  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__gpu__     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirTypeIsAGPUAsyncTokenType    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/GPU.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__irdl__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/IRDL.h
mlirLoadIRDLDialects         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/IRDL.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__llvm__              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMArrayTypeGet                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMArrayTypeGetElementType           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMCConvAttrGet                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMComdatAttrGet                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIAnnotationAttrGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIBasicTypeAttrGet                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDICompileUnitAttrGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDICompositeTypeAttrGet            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDICompositeTypeAttrGetRecSelf     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIDerivedTypeAttrGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIDerivedTypeAttrGetBaseType      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIExpressionAttrGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIExpressionElemAttrGet           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIFileAttrGet                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIFlagsAttrGet                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIImportedEntityAttrGet           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDILexicalBlockAttrGet             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDILexicalBlockFileAttrGet         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDILocalVariableAttrGet            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIModuleAttrGet                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIModuleAttrGetScope              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDINullTypeAttrGet                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDIStringTypeAttrGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDISubprogramAttrGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDISubprogramAttrGetCompileUnit    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDISubprogramAttrGetFile           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDISubprogramAttrGetLine           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDISubprogramAttrGetRecSelf        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDISubprogramAttrGetScope          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDISubprogramAttrGetScopeLine      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDISubprogramAttrGetType           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMDISubroutineTypeAttrGet           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMFunctionTypeGet                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMFunctionTypeGetInput              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMFunctionTypeGetNumInputs          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMLinkageAttrGet                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMPointerTypeGet                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMPointerTypeGetAddressSpace        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeGetElementType          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeGetIdentifier           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeGetNumElementTypes      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeIdentifiedGet           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeIdentifiedNewGet        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeIsLiteral               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeIsOpaque                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeIsPacked                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeLiteralGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeLiteralGetChecked       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeOpaqueGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMStructTypeSetBody                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirLLVMVoidTypeGet                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirTypeIsALLVMPointerType                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirTypeIsALLVMStructType                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/LLVM.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__linalg__     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Linalg.h
mlirLinalgFillBuiltinNamedOpRegion # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Linalg.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__ml_program__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/MLProgram.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__math__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Math.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__memref__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/MemRef.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__nvgpu__           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/NVGPU.h
mlirNVGPUTensorMapDescriptorTypeGet     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/NVGPU.h
mlirTypeIsANVGPUTensorMapDescriptorType # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/NVGPU.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__nvvm__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/NVVM.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__omp__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/OpenMP.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__pdl__    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirPDLAttributeTypeGet        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirPDLOperationTypeGet        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirPDLRangeTypeGet            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirPDLRangeTypeGetElementType # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirPDLTypeTypeGet             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirPDLValueTypeGet            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirTypeIsAPDLAttributeType    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirTypeIsAPDLOperationType    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirTypeIsAPDLRangeType        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirTypeIsAPDLType             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirTypeIsAPDLTypeType         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirTypeIsAPDLValueType        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/PDL.h
mlirAnyQuantizedTypeGet                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirCalibratedQuantizedTypeGet                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirCalibratedQuantizedTypeGetMax                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirCalibratedQuantizedTypeGetMin                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__quant__                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeCastExpressedToStorageType          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeCastFromExpressedType               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeCastFromStorageType                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeCastToExpressedType                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeCastToStorageType                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetDefaultMaximumForInteger         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetDefaultMinimumForInteger         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetExpressedType                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetFlags                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetQuantizedElementType             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetSignedFlag                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetStorageType                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetStorageTypeIntegralWidth         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetStorageTypeMax                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeGetStorageTypeMin                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeIsCompatibleExpressedType           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirQuantizedTypeIsSigned                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirTypeIsAAnyQuantizedType                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirTypeIsACalibratedQuantizedType                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirTypeIsAQuantizedType                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirTypeIsAUniformQuantizedPerAxisType               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirTypeIsAUniformQuantizedType                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedPerAxisTypeGet                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedPerAxisTypeGetNumDims            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedPerAxisTypeGetQuantizedDimension # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedPerAxisTypeGetScale              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedPerAxisTypeGetZeroPoint          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedPerAxisTypeIsFixedPoint          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedTypeGet                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedTypeGetScale                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedTypeGetZeroPoint                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirUniformQuantizedTypeIsFixedPoint                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Quant.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__rocdl__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/ROCDL.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__scf__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SCF.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__spirv__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SPIRV.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__shape__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Shape.h
mlirAttributeIsASparseTensorEncodingAttr   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__sparse_tensor__      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrBuildLvlType   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGet            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetCrdWidth    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetDimToLvl    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetExplicitVal # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetImplicitVal # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetLvlFmt      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetLvlToDim    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetLvlType     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetPosWidth    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetStructuredM # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingAttrGetStructuredN # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirSparseTensorEncodingGetLvlRank         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/SparseTensor.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__tensor__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Tensor.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__transform__          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformAnyOpTypeGet                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformAnyOpTypeGetTypeID            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformAnyParamTypeGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformAnyParamTypeGetTypeID         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformAnyValueTypeGet               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformAnyValueTypeGetTypeID         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformOperationTypeGet              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformOperationTypeGetOperationName # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformOperationTypeGetTypeID        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformParamTypeGet                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformParamTypeGetType              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTransformParamTypeGetTypeID            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTypeIsATransformAnyOpType              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTypeIsATransformAnyParamType           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTypeIsATransformAnyValueType           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTypeIsATransformOperationType          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirTypeIsATransformParamType              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform.h
mlirMergeSymbolsIntoFromClone                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform/Interpreter.h
mlirTransformApplyNamedSequence                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform/Interpreter.h
mlirTransformOptionsCreate                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform/Interpreter.h
mlirTransformOptionsDestroy                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform/Interpreter.h
mlirTransformOptionsEnableExpensiveChecks               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform/Interpreter.h
mlirTransformOptionsEnforceSingleTopLevelTransformOp    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform/Interpreter.h
mlirTransformOptionsGetEnforceSingleTopLevelTransformOp # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform/Interpreter.h
mlirTransformOptionsGetExpensiveChecksEnabled           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Transform/Interpreter.h
mlirGetDialectHandle__vector__ # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Dialect/Vector.h
mlirExecutionEngineCreate           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/ExecutionEngine.h
mlirExecutionEngineDestroy          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/ExecutionEngine.h
mlirExecutionEngineDumpToObjectFile # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/ExecutionEngine.h
mlirExecutionEngineInvokePacked     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/ExecutionEngine.h
mlirExecutionEngineLookup           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/ExecutionEngine.h
mlirExecutionEngineLookupPacked     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/ExecutionEngine.h
mlirExecutionEngineRegisterSymbol   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/ExecutionEngine.h
mlirAsmStateCreateForOperation                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAsmStateCreateForValue                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAsmStateDestroy                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAttributeDump                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAttributeEqual                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAttributeGetContext                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAttributeGetDialect                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAttributeGetType                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAttributeGetTypeID                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAttributeParseGet                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirAttributePrint                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockAddArgument                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockAppendOwnedOperation                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockArgumentGetArgNumber                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockArgumentGetOwner                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockArgumentSetType                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockCreate                               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockDestroy                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockDetach                               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockEqual                                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockEraseArgument                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockGetArgument                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockGetFirstOperation                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockGetNextInRegion                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockGetNumArguments                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockGetParentOperation                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockGetParentRegion                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockGetTerminator                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockInsertArgument                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockInsertOwnedOperation                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockInsertOwnedOperationAfter            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockInsertOwnedOperationBefore           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBlockPrint                                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBytecodeWriterConfigCreate                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBytecodeWriterConfigDesiredEmitVersion    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirBytecodeWriterConfigDestroy               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextAppendDialectRegistry              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextCreate                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextCreateWithRegistry                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextCreateWithThreading                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextDestroy                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextEnableMultithreading               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextEqual                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextGetAllowUnregisteredDialects       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextGetNumLoadedDialects               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextGetNumRegisteredDialects           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextGetOrLoadDialect                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextIsRegisteredOperation              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextLoadAllAvailableDialects           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextSetAllowUnregisteredDialects       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirContextSetThreadPool                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirDialectEqual                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirDialectGetContext                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirDialectGetNamespace                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirDialectHandleGetNamespace                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirDialectHandleInsertDialect                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirDialectHandleLoadDialect                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirDialectHandleRegisterDialect              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirDialectRegistryCreate                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirDialectRegistryDestroy                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirIdentifierEqual                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirIdentifierGet                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirIdentifierGetContext                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirIdentifierStr                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationCallSiteGet                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationEqual                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationFileLineColGet                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationFromAttribute                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationFusedGet                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationGetAttribute                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationGetContext                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationNameGet                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationPrint                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirLocationUnknownGet                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirModuleCreateEmpty                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirModuleCreateParse                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirModuleDestroy                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirModuleFromOperation                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirModuleGetBody                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirModuleGetContext                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirModuleGetOperation                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirNamedAttributeGet                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpOperandGetNextUse                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpOperandGetOperandNumber                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpOperandGetOwner                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpOperandGetValue                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpOperandIsNull                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpPrintingFlagsAssumeVerified             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpPrintingFlagsCreate                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpPrintingFlagsDestroy                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpPrintingFlagsElideLargeElementsAttrs    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpPrintingFlagsElideLargeResourceString   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpPrintingFlagsEnableDebugInfo            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpPrintingFlagsPrintGenericOpForm         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpPrintingFlagsSkipRegions                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpPrintingFlagsUseLocalScope              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpResultGetOwner                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOpResultGetResultNumber                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationClone                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationCreate                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationCreateParse                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationDestroy                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationDump                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationEqual                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetAttribute                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetAttributeByName               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetBlock                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetContext                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetDiscardableAttribute          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetDiscardableAttributeByName    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetFirstRegion                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetInherentAttributeByName       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetLocation                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetName                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetNextInBlock                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetNumAttributes                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetNumDiscardableAttributes      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetNumOperands                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetNumRegions                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetNumResults                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetNumSuccessors                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetOperand                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetParentOperation               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetRegion                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetResult                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetSuccessor                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationGetTypeID                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationHasInherentAttributeByName       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationMoveAfter                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationMoveBefore                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationPrint                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationPrintWithFlags                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationPrintWithState                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationRemoveAttributeByName            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationRemoveDiscardableAttributeByName # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationRemoveFromParent                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationSetAttributeByName               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationSetDiscardableAttributeByName    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationSetInherentAttributeByName       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationSetOperand                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationSetOperands                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationSetSuccessor                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationStateAddAttributes               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationStateAddOperands                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationStateAddOwnedRegions             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationStateAddResults                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationStateAddSuccessors               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationStateEnableResultTypeInference   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationStateGet                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationVerify                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationWalk                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationWriteBytecode                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirOperationWriteBytecodeWithConfig          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionAppendOwnedBlock                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionCreate                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionDestroy                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionEqual                               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionGetFirstBlock                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionGetNextInOperation                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionInsertOwnedBlock                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionInsertOwnedBlockAfter               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionInsertOwnedBlockBefore              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirRegionTakeBody                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirSymbolTableCreate                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirSymbolTableDestroy                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirSymbolTableErase                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirSymbolTableGetSymbolAttributeName         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirSymbolTableGetVisibilityAttributeName     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirSymbolTableInsert                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirSymbolTableLookup                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirSymbolTableReplaceAllSymbolUses           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirSymbolTableWalkSymbolTables               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirTypeDump                                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirTypeEqual                                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirTypeGetContext                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirTypeGetDialect                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirTypeGetTypeID                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirTypeParseGet                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirTypePrint                                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValueDump                                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValueEqual                                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValueGetFirstUse                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValueGetType                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValueIsABlockArgument                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValueIsAOpResult                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValuePrint                                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValuePrintAsOperand                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValueReplaceAllUsesExcept                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValueReplaceAllUsesOfWith                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirValueSetType                              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IR.h
mlirIntegerSetDump               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetEmptyGet           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetEqual              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetGet                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetGetConstraint      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetGetContext         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetGetNumConstraints  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetGetNumDims         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetGetNumEqualities   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetGetNumInequalities # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetGetNumInputs       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetGetNumSymbols      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetIsCanonicalEmpty   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetIsConstraintEq     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetPrint              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirIntegerSetReplaceGet         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/IntegerSet.h
mlirInferShapedTypeOpInterfaceInferReturnTypes # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Interfaces.h
mlirInferShapedTypeOpInterfaceTypeID           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Interfaces.h
mlirInferTypeOpInterfaceInferReturnTypes       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Interfaces.h
mlirInferTypeOpInterfaceTypeID                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Interfaces.h
mlirOperationImplementsInterface               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Interfaces.h
mlirOperationImplementsInterfaceStatic         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Interfaces.h
mlirCreateExternalPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirExternalPassSignalFailure     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirOpPassManagerAddOwnedPass     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirOpPassManagerAddPipeline      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirOpPassManagerGetNestedUnder   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirParsePassPipeline             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPassManagerAddOwnedPass       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPassManagerCreate             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPassManagerCreateOnOperation  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPassManagerDestroy            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPassManagerEnableIRPrinting   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPassManagerEnableVerifier     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPassManagerGetAsOpPassManager # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPassManagerGetNestedUnder     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPassManagerRunOnOp            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirPrintPassPipeline             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Pass.h
mlirRegisterAllDialects         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/RegisterEverything.h
mlirRegisterAllLLVMTranslations # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/RegisterEverything.h
mlirRegisterAllPasses           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/RegisterEverything.h
mlirApplyPatternsAndFoldGreedily               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirFreezeRewritePattern                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirFrozenRewritePatternSetDestroy             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirIRRewriterCreate                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirIRRewriterCreateFromOp                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirIRRewriterDestroy                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirPDLPatternModuleDestroy                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirPDLPatternModuleFromModule                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewritePatternSetFromPDLPatternModule      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseCancelOpModification           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseClearInsertionPoint            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseClone                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseCloneRegionBefore              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseCloneWithoutRegions            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseCreateBlockBefore              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseEraseBlock                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseEraseOp                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseFinalizeOpModification         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseGetBlock                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseGetContext                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseGetInsertionBlock              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseInlineBlockBefore              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseInlineRegionBefore             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseInsert                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseMergeBlocks                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseMoveBlockBefore                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseMoveOpAfter                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseMoveOpBefore                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseReplaceAllOpUsesWithOperation  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseReplaceAllOpUsesWithValueRange # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseReplaceAllUsesExcept           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseReplaceAllUsesWith             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseReplaceAllValueRangeUsesWith   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseReplaceOpUsesWithinBlock       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseReplaceOpWithOperation         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseReplaceOpWithValues            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseSetInsertionPointAfter         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseSetInsertionPointAfterValue    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseSetInsertionPointBefore        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseSetInsertionPointToEnd         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseSetInsertionPointToStart       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirRewriterBaseStartOpModification            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Rewrite.h
mlirLlvmThreadPoolCreate          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Support.h
mlirLlvmThreadPoolDestroy         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Support.h
mlirStringRefCreateFromCString    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Support.h
mlirStringRefEqual                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Support.h
mlirTypeIDAllocatorCreate         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Support.h
mlirTypeIDAllocatorDestroy        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Support.h
mlirTypeIDCreate                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Support.h
mlirTypeIDEqual                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Support.h
mlirTypeIDHashValue               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir-c/Support.h
mlirCreateConversionArithToAMDGPUConversionPass          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionArithToArmSMEConversionPass          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionArithToLLVMConversionPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertAMDGPUToROCDL                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertAffineForToGPU                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertAffineToStandard              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertArithToEmitC                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertArithToSPIRV                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertArmNeon2dToIntr               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertArmSMEToLLVM                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertArmSMEToSCF                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertAsyncToLLVMPass               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertBufferizationToMemRef         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertComplexToLLVMPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertComplexToLibm                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertComplexToSPIRVPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertComplexToStandard             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertControlFlowToLLVMPass         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertControlFlowToSPIRV            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertFuncToEmitC                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertFuncToLLVMPass                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertFuncToSPIRV                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertGPUToSPIRV                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertGpuOpsToLLVMSPVOps            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertGpuOpsToNVVMOps               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertGpuOpsToROCDLOps              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertIndexToLLVMPass               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertIndexToSPIRVPass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertLinalgToStandard              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertMathToEmitC                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertMathToFuncs                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertMathToLLVMPass                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertMathToLibm                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertMathToROCDL                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertMathToSPIRV                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertMemRefToEmitC                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertMemRefToSPIRV                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertMeshToMPIPass                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertNVGPUToNVVMPass               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertNVVMToLLVMPass                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertOpenACCToSCF                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertOpenMPToLLVMPass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertPDLToPDLInterp                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertParallelLoopToGpu             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertSCFToOpenMPPass               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertSPIRVToLLVMPass               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertShapeConstraints              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertShapeToStandard               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertTensorToLinalg                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertTensorToSPIRV                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertToLLVMPass                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertToSPIRVPass                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertVectorToArmSME                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertVectorToGPU                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertVectorToLLVMPass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertVectorToSCF                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertVectorToSPIRV                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionConvertVectorToXeGPU                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionFinalizeMemRefToLLVMConversionPass   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionGpuToLLVMConversionPass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionLiftControlFlowToSCFPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionLowerHostCodeToLLVMPass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionMapMemRefStorageClass                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionReconcileUnrealizedCasts             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionSCFToControlFlow                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionSCFToEmitC                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionSCFToSPIRV                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionSetLLVMModuleDataLayoutPass          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionTosaToArith                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionTosaToLinalg                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionTosaToLinalgNamed                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionTosaToMLProgram                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionTosaToSCF                            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionTosaToTensor                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionUBToLLVMConversionPass               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateConversionUBToSPIRVConversionPass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionArithToAMDGPUConversionPass        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionArithToArmSMEConversionPass        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionArithToLLVMConversionPass          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertAMDGPUToROCDL               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertAffineForToGPU              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertAffineToStandard            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertArithToEmitC                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertArithToSPIRV                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertArmNeon2dToIntr             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertArmSMEToLLVM                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertArmSMEToSCF                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertAsyncToLLVMPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertBufferizationToMemRef       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertComplexToLLVMPass           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertComplexToLibm               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertComplexToSPIRVPass          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertComplexToStandard           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertControlFlowToLLVMPass       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertControlFlowToSPIRV          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertFuncToEmitC                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertFuncToLLVMPass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertFuncToSPIRV                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertGPUToSPIRV                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertGpuOpsToLLVMSPVOps          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertGpuOpsToNVVMOps             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertGpuOpsToROCDLOps            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertIndexToLLVMPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertIndexToSPIRVPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertLinalgToStandard            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertMathToEmitC                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertMathToFuncs                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertMathToLLVMPass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertMathToLibm                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertMathToROCDL                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertMathToSPIRV                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertMemRefToEmitC               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertMemRefToSPIRV               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertMeshToMPIPass               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertNVGPUToNVVMPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertNVVMToLLVMPass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertOpenACCToSCF                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertOpenMPToLLVMPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertPDLToPDLInterp              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertParallelLoopToGpu           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertSCFToOpenMPPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertSPIRVToLLVMPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertShapeConstraints            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertShapeToStandard             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertTensorToLinalg              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertTensorToSPIRV               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertToLLVMPass                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertToSPIRVPass                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertVectorToArmSME              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertVectorToGPU                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertVectorToLLVMPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertVectorToSCF                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertVectorToSPIRV               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionConvertVectorToXeGPU               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionFinalizeMemRefToLLVMConversionPass # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionGpuToLLVMConversionPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionLiftControlFlowToSCFPass           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionLowerHostCodeToLLVMPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionMapMemRefStorageClass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionPasses                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionReconcileUnrealizedCasts           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionSCFToControlFlow                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionSCFToEmitC                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionSCFToSPIRV                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionSetLLVMModuleDataLayoutPass        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionTosaToArith                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionTosaToLinalg                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionTosaToLinalgNamed                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionTosaToMLProgram                    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionTosaToSCF                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionTosaToTensor                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionUBToLLVMConversionPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterConversionUBToSPIRVConversionPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Conversion/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateAsyncAsyncFuncToAsyncRuntime              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateAsyncAsyncParallelFor                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateAsyncAsyncRuntimePolicyBasedRefCounting   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateAsyncAsyncRuntimeRefCounting              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateAsyncAsyncRuntimeRefCountingOpt           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateAsyncAsyncToAsyncRuntime                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterAsyncAsyncFuncToAsyncRuntime            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterAsyncAsyncParallelFor                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterAsyncAsyncRuntimePolicyBasedRefCounting # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterAsyncAsyncRuntimeRefCounting            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterAsyncAsyncRuntimeRefCountingOpt         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterAsyncAsyncToAsyncRuntime                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterAsyncPasses                             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Async/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuAsyncRegionPass               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuDecomposeMemrefsPass          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuEliminateBarriers             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuKernelOutlining               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuLaunchSinkIndexComputations   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuMapParallelLoopsPass          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuModuleToBinaryPass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuNVVMAttachTarget              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuROCDLAttachTarget             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateGPUGpuSPIRVAttachTarget             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuAsyncRegionPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuDecomposeMemrefsPass        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuEliminateBarriers           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuKernelOutlining             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuLaunchSinkIndexComputations # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuMapParallelLoopsPass        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuModuleToBinaryPass          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuNVVMAttachTarget            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuROCDLAttachTarget           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUGpuSPIRVAttachTarget           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterGPUPasses                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/GPU/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgConvertElementwiseToLinalgPass     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgConvertLinalgToAffineLoopsPass     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgConvertLinalgToLoopsPass           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgConvertLinalgToParallelLoopsPass   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgLinalgBlockPackMatmul              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgLinalgDetensorizePass              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgLinalgElementwiseOpFusionPass      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgLinalgFoldUnitExtentDimsPass       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgLinalgGeneralizeNamedOpsPass       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgLinalgInlineScalarOperandsPass     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgLinalgNamedOpConversionPass        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateLinalgLinalgSpecializeGenericOpsPass     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgConvertElementwiseToLinalgPass   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgConvertLinalgToAffineLoopsPass   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgConvertLinalgToLoopsPass         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgConvertLinalgToParallelLoopsPass # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgLinalgBlockPackMatmul            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgLinalgDetensorizePass            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgLinalgElementwiseOpFusionPass    # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgLinalgFoldUnitExtentDimsPass     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgLinalgGeneralizeNamedOpsPass     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgLinalgInlineScalarOperandsPass   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgLinalgNamedOpConversionPass      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgLinalgSpecializeGenericOpsPass   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterLinalgPasses                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/Linalg/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorLowerForeachToSCF                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorLowerSparseIterationToSCF        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorLowerSparseOpsToForeach          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorPreSparsificationRewrite         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparseAssembler                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparseBufferRewrite              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparseGPUCodegen                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparseReinterpretMap             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparseSpaceCollapse              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparseTensorCodegen              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparseTensorConversionPass       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparseVectorization              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparsificationAndBufferization   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorSparsificationPass               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorStageSparseOperations            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateSparseTensorStorageSpecifierToLLVM           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorLowerForeachToSCF              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorLowerSparseIterationToSCF      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorLowerSparseOpsToForeach        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorPasses                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorPreSparsificationRewrite       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparseAssembler                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparseBufferRewrite            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparseGPUCodegen               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparseReinterpretMap           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparseSpaceCollapse            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparseTensorCodegen            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparseTensorConversionPass     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparseVectorization            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparsificationAndBufferization # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorSparsificationPass             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorStageSparseOperations          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterSparseTensorStorageSpecifierToLLVM         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Dialect/SparseTensor/Transforms/Passes.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsCSE                           # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsCanonicalizer                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsCompositeFixedPointPass       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsControlFlowSink               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsGenerateRuntimeVerification   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsInliner                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsLocationSnapshot              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsLoopInvariantCodeMotion       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsLoopInvariantSubsetHoisting   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsMem2Reg                       # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsPrintIRPass                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsPrintOpStats                  # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsRemoveDeadValues              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsSCCP                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsSROA                          # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsStripDebugInfo                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsSymbolDCE                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsSymbolPrivatize               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsTopologicalSort               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirCreateTransformsViewOpGraph                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsCSE                         # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsCanonicalizer               # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsCompositeFixedPointPass     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsControlFlowSink             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsGenerateRuntimeVerification # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsInliner                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsLocationSnapshot            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsLoopInvariantCodeMotion     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsLoopInvariantSubsetHoisting # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsMem2Reg                     # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsPasses                      # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsPrintIRPass                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsPrintOpStats                # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsRemoveDeadValues            # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsSCCP                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsSROA                        # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsStripDebugInfo              # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsSymbolDCE                   # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsSymbolPrivatize             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsTopologicalSort             # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc
mlirRegisterTransformsViewOpGraph                 # header: $MLIR_INSTALL_PATH/include/mlir/Transforms/Transforms.capi.h.inc